MY CHILD IS MISSING
REPORT A TIP OR SIGHTING
MissingKids.ca is owned and operated by the Canadian Centre for Child Protection. As Canada’s missing children resource centre, MissingKids.ca offers families support in the search for their missing child and provides educational resources to help prevent children from going missing.
VISIT THE
MISSING CHILDREN DATABASE
Support our work. Donate today.
Be a part of something big. As a registered charitable organization, we rely on donations to help us support families of missing children and offer prevention information to the public.
Donate now
Our supporters
MissingKids.ca is supported by the following contributors:
More partners
--- Content from https://missingkids.ca/en/how-can-we-help/ ---
HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?
Select the category below that applies to your situation.
I’M WORRIED MY CHILD MAY GO MISSING
SOMEONE I KNOW HAS A MISSING CHILD
Runaway
Parental Child Abduction
Stranger/Non-family Abduction
Lost Child
Unknown/Young Adult
MissingKids.ca is here to help families and communities of children who are missing, and families who are worried their child may go missing.
In this section, you will find immediate steps to take if a child goes missing, as well as signs that may indicate a child is at risk of going missing and things you can do in a variety of situations to help prevent a child from going missing.
You can also contact us at 1-866-KID-TIPS (543-8477) to speak with a specially trained caseworker for additional support and assistance.
--- Content from https://missingkids.ca/en/help-us-find/ ---
HELP US FIND A MISSING CHILD
“It’s truly hard to be happy when my whole world just fell apart after losing my child. I try not to focus too much on him or I lose my mind. It seems to me, that you understand my pain and what I’m going through, so I thank you.”
— Parent of a missing child
Missing Children Database
Report a Tip or Sighting
MissingKidsALERT
Help Spread the Word
Community Engagement
AMBER Alert
Missing Children’s Month
When a child is missing, a community can make all the difference in the world. Members of the public can play a critical role in helping to bring missing children home. Support the search and help make a difference.
Look through our database of nationally registered missing children in Canada.
Do you have information about a missing child? All details, big or small, can make a difference.
Sign up to become a part of the search for missing children in your community.
Getting information about a missing child and MissingKids.ca resources out to the public is so important. Use your voice.
Community members can play an important role in the search for a missing child. Learn how you can help.
AMBER Alerts notify Canadians when a child abduction occurs and the public’s assistance is required. Learn more about AMBER Alerts.
Missing Children’s Month is an annual reminder to honour missing and abducted children and to continue efforts to reunite missing children with their families.
Support our work.
Donate today.
--- Content from https://missingkids.ca/en/resources/ ---
RESOURCES
MissingKids.ca offers resources to help prevent children from going missing, resources to help inform Canadians about missing children issues, and resources to assist families, professionals, and communities when a child is missing.
Be Informed
Unknown/Young Adult Cases
Missing Children Statistics
Prevention
Searching Families
Communities Impacted by a Missing Child
Child Personal Safety
protectchildren.ca
:
Abducted then Murdered Children: A Canadian Study
Download PDF
Safety Habits to Keep your Kids Safe
Domestic Violence and the Fear of Parental Abduction
Safety & Autism Spectrum Disorder
Checklist for Searching Parents: When you think your child has been parentally abducted
Checklist for Searching Parents: When you think your child has run away
Checklist for Searching Parents: When your child is believed to have been abducted by a stranger/non-family member
Checklist for Searching Parents: When the reason for your child’s disappearance is unknown
Community Response Plan
Community Action Plan
youtube.com
Community Action Plan Video
A Guide for Community/Organization Leaders: Re-establishing Safety within a Community
A Guide for Families: Restoring Community Connections
Information about child personal safety is available on the Canadian Centre for Child Protection website.
Programs & Initiatives
Resources & Research
--- Content from https://missingkids.ca/en/about/ ---
About MissingKids.ca
Partners
Press & Media
Contact Us
MissingKids.ca is Canada’s missing children resource centre. Owned and operated by the Canadian Centre for Child Protection, MissingKids.ca offers families support in finding their missing child and provides educational materials to help prevent children from going missing.
Every year, tens of thousands of reports of missing children are made to police in Canada. MissingKids.ca works closely with police and other stakeholders in the search for these missing children.
Primary functions of MissingKids.ca:
To assist in the location of missing children
To provide educational material to help prevent children from going missing
To be Canada’s information and resource centre on missing children
To coordinate efforts and assist stakeholders in the delivery of missing children services
Réseau Enfants-Retour
MissingKids.ca is proud to work in collaboration with Réseau Enfants-Retour to provide missing children services to residents of Quebec. Réseau Enfants-Retour supports MissingKids.ca in offering case management support to Francophone families searching for their missing child.
“I have been fortunate to enjoy a very collaborative and productive working relationship with the Canadian Center for Child Protection. They are experts in their field and quick to offer support to victims and families in times of crisis. From an investigative perspective they have been quick to assist in helping us to expand the reach and timeliness of our messaging in instances where we have had to activate our Amber Alert protocol. I have been impressed with their responsiveness and willingness to engage and provide support at all hours in those critical first few hours of a high risk missing child investigation. On the public education front we could not ask for a better ally in producing and delivering relevant and effective materials and messaging to youth, parents and key community leaders. As our approach to missing persons investigations continues to evolve, the Canadian Center for Child Protection will remain a key and trusted partner.”
— Chief Superintendent Mark Fisher, OIC Criminal Operations, “D” Division RCMP
--- Content from https://missingkids.ca/en/about/contact/ ---
We appreciate your feedback. Let us know what you think of the website and our material, and how you use our resources and services to better protect children in your community.
This form is not meant for reporting information about a missing child.
To register a missing child, please contact 1-866-KID-TIPS (543-8477) or use the MissingKids.ca intake form.
To report a tip or sighting of a missing child, please use the MissingKids.ca tip or sighting form.
First name (optional)
Last name (optional)
Email address
Subject (optional)
Comments
Audio captcha: please listen and type the letters you hear
Refresh Enter the letters and numbers you see in the image
Send Inquiry
Connect with us
By phone
Toll-free: 1-866-KID-TIPS (543-8477)
Are you a member of the media?
Contact us here.
--- Content from https://missingkids.ca/en/help-us-find/spread-the-word/ ---
Join the search and help bring Canada’s missing children home.
Start by signing up for MissingKidsALERT — our public notification service that alerts the public when a child is missing in their area and provides critical information in the search for the child.
Use your voice on social media to get others involved in the search for Canada’s missing children.
Use the following resources to let your friends, family, and followers know about MissingKids.ca, including videos, images, and suggested tweets®/Facebook® posts.
Videos
Share the following videos on social media or embed them into your website or blog post.
MissingKids.ca Logo
MissingKidsALERT.ca Logo
Sharable Images and GIFs
Share these images on social media to help raise awareness of MissingKids.ca.
MissingKids.ca parent card
MissingKidsALERT promo card
Tweets and Facebook Posts
Use these sample tweets and Facebook posts to help get the word out:
#DYK children are often located as a direct result of someone recognizing them from a photo? Sign up for MissingKidsALERT to know when a child is missing in your area. https://missingkidsalert.ca/en/
Tweet Copy
I signed up for MissingKidsALERT. You should too. https://missingkidsalert.ca/en/
MissingKids.ca provides support to families when their child is missing or they’re concerned their child may go missing. If you need help or know someone who does, reach out. https://missingkids.ca/en/
Your share or retweet might just be the link that brings a child home.
Follow us on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
The downloadable images and embeddable videos are the property of the Canadian Centre for Child Protection Inc. You are being provided these downloadable images and embeddable videos to be included anywhere on your blog post or social media web page under a license. You will only use the images as provided and will not modify the images or videos in any way. No disparaging use is permitted.